content/resume.md, before:

---
title: Resume - Luis Martinez Web Developer
---

# Resume

## Work experience

### Medior Frontend Developer

Jobsrepublic, Amsterdam. Feb/2019-Present

Development of a Vue component library to use in conjunction with Storyblok CMS. PostCSS, Tailwind CSS.

Development of a Nuxt website: One code base, multiple sites. Deployment in AWS using internally established deployment guidelines. Certificate manager, route 53, EC2 load balancers and target groups, ECS

Development of a SPA with Vue: Vuex, Vue router, vertical slice architecture, testcafe end to end tests, coding best practices, refactoring, Vue Bootstrap, responsive layout, auth0, i18n

Update legacy code to modern standards (Vue SPA)

Development of integrations to optimize internal tasks: Google Apps script, SendGrid, trello, zapier, lambda functions, serverless

### Project and Accounts Manager

Vsourz Digital Agency, Barcelona. 2015-2018

Project manager of website design and development

Bridge between customer and development team

Determine project specifications (timings, pricing, production planning)

### Product Designer

Entrepreneurial activity. 2015-2018

Creation of a print card game financed launching a successful Kickstarter campaign.

Product idea and design

Creation of artistic assets

Business planning and strategy

## Education

Doctorate in Computational Chemistry, Ruhr University Bochum, Germany, 2009-2014

Scientific research in the area of Computational Chemistry.Publication of 3 scientific works in scientific journals.

## Technical skills

### Proficiency

HTML5, CCS3, JS ES6, Vue ecosystem, Nuxt, Tailwind CSS, Bootstrap, serverless, Photoshop, Figma, VSCode, Google Apps script

### Fundamental knowledge

React, Redux, postgreSQL / MySQL, Redis, Docker, AWS (ECS, EC2, Route 53), CI/CD, bash scripting, a11y, technical SEO, UX/UI design, PWA

## Background

After my Doctorate in Computational Chemistry, I felt unsatisfied and wanted a career change. Working as Project Manager in IT, I took a liking to this sector and now my professional goal is to build my career as a developer.

## Languages

English: Excellent
Spanish: Native

## Other

Preference for remote work

Joy in learning and keeping up to date with state of the art tech

Personal projects done for fun: https://ahtleanx-home-workout.netlify.app/, https://manytimer.netlify.app/

## Contact

luismartinezwebdev (at) gmail (dot) comlinkedin.com/in/luismarsu

Birthday: 13-August-1984

## Quote

> Tailwind CSS is the best CSS framework ever. Change my mind.

Commit message:

Tweak about and resume pages

content/resume.md, after:

---
title: Resume - Luis Martinez Web Developer
---

# Resume

## Work experience

### Medior Frontend Developer

[_Jobsrepublic_](https://www.jobsrepublic.nl), Amsterdam. Feb/2019-Present

Development of a **Nuxt component library** to use in conjunction with **Storyblok CMS**. **PostCSS**, **Tailwind CSS**.

Development of a **Nuxt** website: One code base, multiple sites. Deployment in **AWS** using internally established deployment guidelines. Certificate manager, route 53, EC2 load balancers and target groups, ECS

Development of a SPA with **Vue**: **Vuex**, **Vue router**, vertical slice architecture, **testcafe** end to end tests, coding best practices, refactoring, **Vue Bootstrap**, responsive layout, **auth0**, **i18n**

Update legacy code to modern standards (Vue SPA)

Development of integrations to optimize internal tasks: Google Apps script, SendGrid, trello, zapier, lambda functions, serverless

### Project and Accounts Manager

[_Vsourz Digital Agency_](https://www.vsourz.com/), Barcelona. 2015-2018

Project manager of website design and development

Bridge between customer and development team

Determine project specifications (timings, pricing, production planning)

### Product Designer

**Entrepreneurial activity**. 2015-2018

Creation of a print card game financed launching a successful [Kickstarter campaign](https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/rafaelgonzalez/final-boss-the-card-game).

Product idea and design

Creation of artistic assets

Business planning and strategy

## Education

**Doctorate in Computational Chemistry**, Ruhr University Bochum, Germany, 2009-2014

Scientific research in the area of Computational Chemistry.

Publication of 3 scientific works in scientific journals.

## Technical skills

### Feel confident with:

HTML5, CCS3, JS ES6, Vue ecosystem, Nuxt, Tailwind CSS, Bootstrap, serverless, Adobe Photoshop, Figma, VSCode

### Know something about:

React, Redux, postgreSQL / MySQL, Redis, Docker, AWS (ECS, EC2, Route 53), CI/CD, bash scripting, a11y, technical SEO, UX/UI design, PWA, PostCSS, Google Apps script

## Background

After my Doctorate in Computational Chemistry, I felt unsatisfied and wanted a career change. Working as Project Manager in IT, I took a liking to this sector and now my professional goal is to build my career as a web developer.

## Languages

- English: Excellent
- Spanish: Native

## Other

Joy in learning and keeping up to date with state of the art technologies

Personal projects done for fun: https://ahtleanx-home-workout.netlify.app/, https://manytimer.netlify.app/

## Contact

- luismartinezwebdev (at) gmail (dot) com
- [linkedin.com/in/luismarsu](linkedin.com/in/luismarsu)

Birthday: 13-August-1984

## Quote

> Tailwind CSS is the best CSS framework ever. Change my mind.
